docs: Explain about region in storage class for OBC (#9556)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-bucket-claim.md

parameters: [3]
  objectStoreName: my-store
  objectStoreNamespace: rook-ceph
  region: us-west-1 [4]
  bucketName: ceph-bucket [5]
reclaimPolicy: Delete [6]
```
1. `label`(optional) here associates this `StorageClass` to a specific provisioner.
1. `provisioner` responsible for handling `OBCs` referencing this `StorageClass`.
1. **all** `parameter` required.

> 1. `region` needs to create required zone/zonegroup in RGW before defining it here. Please refer [ceph documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#multi-site) for more details.

Reviewer: Where in the doc? The current description is not really clear to me.

Author: There is mention in the doc `zonegroup` is initially known as region(no reference to aws here). I have checked with team and in the ceph doc we need to make it explicit as well. For the time being, I will point to `zonegroup`  link

> 1. `region` needs to create required zone/zonegroup in RGW before defining it here. Please refer [ceph documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#multi-site) for more details.

Reviewer 2: I'm really glad that we are providing better user documentation here. I am still struggling to understand how this is intended to be used, and I think users will likely be much more confused than I.

A good description should give a quick overview of what region is and explain how to fill in the field in relation to other Rook resources? How is "region" related to zone/zonegroup? The statement "needs to create required zone/zonegroup in RGW before defining it here" doesn't use Rook terminology for what needs to be created and so might be confusing for users. Also, what if users aren't using CephObjectZone or CephObjectZoneGroup?

Based on what I "think" the usage pattern intended to be, I would suggest something like below, but I may be misunderstanding some details.
```suggestion
1. `region` defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For Rook, this is CephObjectZoneGroup (if applicable) of the related CephObjectStore; or the name of the CephObjectStore if no CephObjectZoneGroup is defined. Please refer to [Ceph's documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#multi-site) for more details.
```

> 1. `region` defines the region in which the bucket should be created. For Rook, this is CephObjectZoneGroup (if applicable) of the related CephObjectStore; So if you need to define region other than `us-east-1` create `CephObjectZoneGroup` accordingly. Please refer to [Ceph's documentation](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/#zone-groups) for more details. 

Reviewer 3: Is the name of the CephObjectZoneGroup CR the name of the `region`? If so, how do we get `us-east-1` by default since the default zone group name is the same as the object store? Maybe an example yaml would help show how to create a region named `us-west-1` to match the region in the storage class.

Author: @travisn `us-east-1` is the default hard corded value inside [rgw code base](https://github.com/ceph/ceph/blob/master/src/rgw/rgw_rest_client.cc#L319), most likely default zone group set by rook may also work(aka the name of object store). But people tend to use the region as `us-east-1` for was clients. Hence I mentioned about `us-east-1` other than the zone group value set by the rook. Or in other words, if the `us-east-1` it may pick up the default zone group value or else they try to find out the corresponding zonegroup

Reviewer 3: I'm still not clear... So if they want to have the `region: us-west-1` as in this example, how would the object store, zone group, etc need to be created? Perhaps we could modify the [object-multisite.yaml](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/object-multisite.yaml) example to use the `us-west-1` region to match this example?

Author: @travisn : What about having proper documentation in ceph docs then only this PR need to be merged, instead of modifying the `object-mutlisite.yaml`. If `object-mutlisite.yaml` is modified then that may create unnecessary confusion for users who only intended to use mutlisite.

Reviewer 3: Sounds good to include a yaml snippet here in the docs that shows how to create the object store with a non-default region.
